You did a good job on this
Your Majesty is serious
In fact, the minister is just for self-protection
The minister can have today
Thanks to your majesty
Don't be modest
I see this PhD in mechanics for you
So subservient
It just so happens that the court needs to be rectified
I plan to establish a department
Specializing in the investigation of wrongdoing within officials
There is still a leader missing.
You have a great personality!
The minister is still young
Fear of being incompetent
Hahaha age is not a problem
As long as you put your heart into it, it's enough.
If something goes wrong
I will take the order for you
Love doesn't have to be polite
Hey
Although the matter of the Sun family has ended
But in my heart
There has always been a regret
The regret in His Majesty's heart can be related to the Chu family
Yes, although the cause is the Sun family
But it is indeed the butcher's knife under my command.
I'm upset
By the way, this legacy of the Chu family
It should be officially ready in your Qin family now.
If that's the case, then I will give you two a marriage
Do it according to royal specifications
It can be regarded as me making up for the Chu family
What do you think?
Chen Qinfeng thanked His Majesty
I heard that you and the oarui named Hongxiu in the brothel
Relationships can also be discussed.
I will reward you with a song
Just this time
Please help me take down the reward of the Sun family
Yes what
Xiuer, you will be satisfied.
Yes, brother.
If you force Yu Qinglang
It will only make him unhappy
It's for the best.
Forget it, you've been an idea since you were a kid
I can't persuade you to do whatever you want
Thank you brother
This is not a fuel-efficient lamp.
That million door silver
Hide it clean
Lover, I said you can't escape